No matter if the first laptop was the "Grid Compass" (a small portable computer used by NASA on shuttle missions that had a small die-cast magnesium case) or "Dynabook" (a notebook computer that xerox researched in the 1970s), data on computers could be easily transported and even created nearly anywhere. Since laptop models change every few years, and there are several major manufacturers, what happens when the power supply, battery, screen, CD Drive, etcetera go bad on your 3 or 5 year old laptop? As a noun, it means something not too entirely dissimilar to "a small computer having its components (typically processor, keyboard, and display screen, and some sort of cursor manipulation device) in a portable case capable of independent, battery-powered operation". The origins of the laptops are a bit blurry (I have found 6 sources that say different computers were the "first laptop computer"), but the reasons for this is clear. Apart from the fact that the parts are going to be expensive (which of course, is not an issue for the type of serious career professional who needs a laptop to catch up on business in the local coffee shop), they are going to be rare, perhaps no longer made, and finding the neccesary part may involve a very long search. Even when people can't invent a function they need their laptop for, the siren song of something small, metal, with hinges is beyond most people's control. Power Supply - Laptops today use a combination of battery and wall power. http://inventors.about.com/library/inventors/bllaptop.htmhttp://biz.howstuffworks.com/laptop1.htm You could make the case that a laptop is portable computer with its most important input and output devices built in. Battery life is a major concern with laptops (what is the point in having a unit that won't let you spend more than 30 minutes away from a power source?). While they are getting better, demands of other components within the laptop may strain battery life making the change seem less apparent. Especially when you know that you need a "Dell power supply", the concept of volts and amps being left for the little people who need to know such technical trifles. Not only are laptops a good example of conspicuous consumption, but they also show that the bearer is not only consuming, but is probably producing, doing such culturally and economic important tasks as writing the Great American novel, keeping updated on the blogosphere, and hacking into the aliens central control computers by typing in "override security". There are 6 main components to a laptop: Microprocessor, Memory, Storage Devices, Power Supply, Input Devices, and Display. If you were to make such a statement, you would be making a statement for about 1 to 10 percent of the people who own, use, or want a laptop. During this time the power coming from the socket will also charge the battery in the laptop. Much like the introduction of oil paints to art, the laptop allowed people to move with their tools of business, education, and entertainment to other venues. You could make the case that the laptop computer is a miracle of engineering that allows complicated tasks to be done on the go. A trend with technology has been that not only has power of computer components increase, but size has decreased. Input Devices - Because a mouse would take up too much room and may be hard to use in many cases, it typically has been replaced in laptops by one of the following: a trackball,trackpoint, or touchpad. Someone with a laptop is obviously an important person, who can not let a little trip to a Starbucks distract them from keeping in touch and on top of things. Laptops tent to have processors that use less power and generate less heat than those of desktops. Do you have the money and time to do serious research and hunting for the neccesary hard to find, expensive part when your laptop dies? Will you spend the grueling hours needed to learn technical terms like "volt" and "amp" when your power supply gets coffee spilled on it and needs to be replaced? External monitors or data projectors can be used with laptops to easily present data to a group or put less strain of eyes. Laptops almost always include an internal battery that is typically lithium, nickel-cadmium, or nickel-metal hydride. If the answer to this question is yes, then you do, indeed, need a laptop, and also, please message me, I have some swampland in Florida to sell you.  For the other 90 to 99 percent of people interested in laptops, the interest seems to be based on two things.  So, to sum up the laptop question:1. Along with one of these, a laptop features a compact version of a keyboard built into the case.